12/09/2017

i am not understanding how can this even happen i am i did not consider my self that much irresponsible. problem is not that i am reason that bag is lost problem is that i do not recall bringing that bag to room or even having that bag collected from hafsa. doubting yourself and not knowing for sure whether you are guilty or not it is very painful. i have talked to irum baji i hope so that if i lost that bag she could find it because other wise situation will be very difficult for both of us. now i am watching certain techniques to refresh or recall something that you have forgotten.

19/9/2017

there is very thin line between shame and lewdness once you cross that line there is no going back because as your area of dos increase area of don'ts get shrink and you no longer feel that hesitation in doing something that was once very difficult for you to do. and this makes me afraid this makes me want to back off stay controlled. it gives me confidence because i know once i cross the line even my own self cannot heal me because shamelessness is fatal disease

sometimes i think that how relative knowledge is i pretend to know the people in my life my after so many years i have realized that i know nothing i do not even know my past and past of my family it was two weeks ago that i came accross some horrible things that my family or my parents did and my siblings acted as if nothing is happening. it hurted me so much i never thought that my parents were brutal and my siblings were so coward that they cannot even stand against the injustice that they had witnessed i still do not know the full story the amount of facts the i had come accross shook my core and certainly lost some portion of respect that i had for them and now i know we should not judge anyone untill we have lived in their shoes now i do not judge my siblings for hating papa but know that they are somewhat just i also causes ache. i have promised myself that if any such thing ever happen again i will not be among those who act as spectators and i will not allow anyone to do injustice to my sister ever again. please God help me


21/9/2017

bushra is one of those people that i want by my side forever. such a genuine person is rare to find and by luck if have found one i am not letting her go. i miss her as my room mate i always knew nothing is going to be same after she left but my love will remain same always. Allah please help me keep this friendship for good

4/10/2017
i don't know what i did to deserve her she is the best friend that i do not deserve and am really happy to have. may she will always with me. she accepted me with all my faults not many people have guts to do so. 

sometimes i think that most of the people that are dearest to me in life. i actually do not know them. i have idea who my family is. i know relationships i have with people and according to that relationship i act in front of them but in reality i know nothing more than names and occupations of my dear one and truth is that they also know no more about me. i never wanted to go to Australia and basic reason was i do not want to meet bhai jan. i love him but i do not want to know him because he is closest to ideal i have and i did not want to see how human he is. i have learnt to love people without knowing about them because now i know knowledge brings pain.........

on side note, i want to start earning money because this can somehow make me more responsible and better person. marriage has turned into nightmare in my life and i want no more of that so i have to move on i have to learn new skills, make money and enjoy life. i have to prove that the family that you alrady have is enough to spend rest of your life. 

17/10/2017

the thing that i like most about islam is that there is no pass and fail based on relativity. your result would be on your own efforts and no other person can make your efforts look smaller in front of Allah and vice versa. you can do your best and its ok to be behind all others. However, world is cruel you will always be compared always be judged regarding your achievements and everything else. please Allah give me strength to perform my best in deen and duniya and increase my blessings and bounties and both worlds and make me amongst those who are satisfied and thankful.

21/10/2017   12:03 am

i cannot believe it is true the man who did not even ever talked to me in louder tone can do something this horrible. the girl with such sharp memory cannot actually remember 2 years of her life why? maybe the correct answer is that my brain protected itself from trauma. the worst punishment that i ever got from mama was a glare and i could not tolerate that how come i would have tolerated this. ignorance is true bliss more i know more i started to believe in this phrase because it truly is bliss. people they hurt you and you crave them. life is an absolutely complicated mess!. 

staying at home is not at all good for my studied i have to stop doing it right now because it is giving me mental tortue. i never thought people can make such fuss about small matters. "izzat" this word is used many times in many different ways in which it should not have used. respect is given only by Allah so how can we be afraid of people taking it. only God can take your respect and once he did take it no one can restore it no matter how hard we try. we should just only pray to God that me keep us among respected of both worlds.somehow all the frustration that i had from a week and i did not get the chance to take it now is my chance but from tomorrow i have to study without any second thoughts. please Allah help me!! keep me among those whose ranks you have raised in both worlds and give me enough strength to work hard and try hard ameen

and seriously i do not know what i am writing and why in the world i am doing it but it is somehow helping me

23/10/2017  7:58pm

i have an exam tomorrow and still have not read a word of the subject. looks like my life is turning into disaster. i did not want to leave mom and come here and now i don't want to go there ever again they are making me psycho i think i should consult c3a i seriously need counselling of any type. please Allah make everything right. from everyhting that is happening make the ways of good for us. i just hope everything will be fine and we will be living happy and peaceful life again. i am actually tense for mom she is taking things to extent where it is going to hurt everyone she loves. i just need focus for studies and do not know where to find that.......

31/10/2017 12:01am

today after so many days i am relaxed. bhai jan always gave me clarity in all sense even now i am feeling clear. something that i have learnt today is that do not burn your blood over people if you have a problem just discuss it you might better understand the prespective of others. now i know what bhai jan thinks and he is not wrong in any of his fears. i should not have expected less from the brother like him. i know these all were not reason they were arguments to prove that how wrong that marriage can be. Reason for his this thinking is something else that he did not tell me. but his reasons were justified. i knew that this was not my place to talk to him about these matters. if he did not listen to mom there was not even slightest chance that he would listen to me but i have to do it. it was my obligation towards my sister. if she likes him no matter who he is she should be married to him period. so, this is another reason that i am satisfied because i fulfilled her right that was due on me. now, there is not stress or weight on my conscience because i did the right thing and this was the only thing that i could have done for her. if i did not have done this i would have regreted this throughout my life. now, chill tayyeba you have prayed and you did what was in your capacity now whatever happened that will be best for us. 

i got really bad results because of this whole situation. i know that was my own fault but situation is easy to blame. i am not going to let this happen ever again. there is one thing that i cannot bear that is letting my family down. please Allah help me!!!!!!!!!!!

31/10/2017  9:35pm

i never thought that i would feel need to write again within 24 hours. i never expected this from him. i am the person who never ever in my life talked about marriage issues and about baji to him and once in life i decided to do it and he misbehaved with mom because of that!!!!!!!!. thing that i miscalculated was that he has biased thinking. he did not listened to what i have to say to understand my point he just tried to answer me. and people that i was referring to were jirga that was about to come and he considered it that everyone has already been there. it was my mistake i should have clearly mentioned what i meant but, i did not want to, because i did not believe that this will happen. it was on chance and why would i bother him with something that might not happen. only thing that i know now is that he thinks that i was also influenced and someone has fed this to me that i was saying to him. it is really disappointing to know he thought i have no brain and that he should talk to mom so that i do not say such things to him again that in turn he would think that i am not influenced. i would have appreciated if he thought that i also have eyes and i can see things and she is my equal sister and i don't want something bad to happen to her whether someone asked me to do it or not. if i asked mom before talking to him she would definitely have stopped me. i was a huge decision for me. i don't know why in the world i thought that he would understand me even if he did not understood anyone in the world.

bhai jan got angry because i talked to him. how can he take his anger out on mom i mean seriously!!!!. where has my cool and calm brother gone?. the weight that i thought was taken of my shoulders because i have stood with baji was not taken off. it just got doubled with the realization that i am the reason bhai jan misbehaved with mom and i am the reason that mom cried

10/11/2017 3:!2AM

tomorrow's holiday because of traffic jam oh wait i mean today. however, as i got my exam results that were very bad i realized one thing that Allah is telling me to get myself together. i feel like hypocrite which i have become after knowing what daddy did. i have to clear my conscience to proceed in life otherwise there is nothing in this life or in life of hereafter for hypocrites. i either have to confront dad regarding the matter or i how to let go of every truth and clean my heart for him. not feeling good about him and still talking with him kills my conscience and that's why i have started avoiding him. i know for fact that i am only one he have after Allah who truly loves him but now my got stain i have to clean that stain on my own. it is not like i do not have courage to talk to him. i know it is not respectable for him that her daughter talks to him about these things. when i think about it with clear mind i realize he has never any wrong with me everrrrrr and what he did to others he is accountable for it and i do not want to judge as i do not know his reasons.

ya Allah please give me strength that next time when i smile at him it would be genuine smile....

30/11/2017 12:37 am

bhai jan came 2 days back and from that day i am really excited to meet him i don't know he would be serious because of situation or happy to see me. i hope he would be all good and happy and would have resolved the situation so we can enjoy the time that we have together. i know life is unpredictable i might get a chance to live for a long time with him but i want to make most of what i have because i might never see him again (bitter reality). i also have exam on monday for which i am not prepared enough. now i realized what dilemma is but i know no matter how serious i am about my studies but family comes first so it is decided that i am going home this weekend yuppi. 
please Allah he must stay here for my time at home. i bought a gift for him three years back and may be now is time to give him that key chain..........

5/12/2017 1:59 am

back at university for exams. thank God i have visited home it was pleasing experience for me atleast. we enjoyed a lot he brought me chocolates and i gave him key chain. we played word trip a lot. he is here for few more days i guess because he is not gone today. i have two exams tomorrow and i am not prepared at all for them. Allah help me and make everything right.

26/12/2017 1:49 am

bhai jan is long gone and i don't know what i am going to do today i just feel like crying. one thing that i never wanted was to ruin my already made decision but he did that he should not have sent me those messages. there is a limit to which a person can ignore rubbish. and i think i was harsh and this was what i was supposed to do. it clinged to my heart when he said ok and didn't appear again. i know he is just irritating me and then again i have a soft heart which turns into stone when someone tries to show me any emotions but what can i do life made me afraid of all emotions. i know what i did was the absolutely right but i wished it did not happen at first place so that situation will not turn awkward. one thing i know in life you cannot achieve love by sending texts and you cannot get any loyalty by responding to those texts and all i need now in my life are loyal and trustworthy people who can give me respect.
Allah please give me honour in both lives and don't make me among those who are dishonoured. one thing i started doing from the day i got mobile i never delete a single message and that because when someday people will accuse me of talking i can provide them with photo copies of my all conversation but again i know people who don't want to believe will never believe so please Allah protect me and let me not fall into such situation.